# PickMeUp
Our App, PickMeUp, will help individuals determine what makes them happy and how to live their most fulfilling life. In a constantly busy world with overwhelming schedules, many people are pressured in many directions to work, socialize, sleep, exercise, and much more. The biggest problem - there are only 24 hours in a day. How can we optimize these 24 hours to make ourselves the happiest we can be?  Our app will track users results of sleep, exercise, work, meals, social, downtime, environment, and mood. Users will be able to self input the number of hours in their day spent in each of the categories, additional information about the quality of each activity, and their mood on a scale of five different options. The database will factor in the information from the user, the date, and that day’s weather to track every day for that specific user. By using queries, we will be able to find the average hours of sleep, exercise, etc on a user’s happiest days or vice versa. This information will give users actionable insights into the activities/characteristics that make their day a great one.  The app’s final interface will include an input screen with a scale 5 different emojis to represent the user’s mood for the day; a calendar view with each day’s happiness rating; in-depth details from each day’s report; and a final dashboard with averages, counts, and visualizations for the week, month, or entire life of a user’s account. These various interfaces will allow the user to interact with their historical results and make personal recommendations for future happiness. Users will be able to quickly see if certain weeks are happier than other weeks or if certain days are happier than other days. With a simple and easy-to-use interface, users will not have difficulties entering personal data or analyzing historical data via visualizations. 

# To run:
sh flaskr/run.sh create.db
